have no relevance
have Type
sent emails
remarked the company
built a WiFi
said sales
funding the startup
settled a lawsuit
competing security
existing infection
showed promise
preventing death
meaning scientists
shine light
making the sport
handling world
received nominations
had a phone
had feathers
provides details
say this animal
grants insight
developed shaft
called a rachis
inferred the rachis
determine a star
escaped marriage
talks a lot
cut carbon
set a figure
developing countries
warns No one
growing violence
attend the funeral
gain access
let the people
watch the ceremony
focusing resources
stolen car
boosting the agency
funding the obscenity
made the innings
losing the captain
end the innings
beginning a week
discussed trade
told an audience
send the government
criticised this act
said the act
safeguard the facilities
indicated a tsunami
receiving the tsunami
welcomed the announcement
named storm
poses no threat
damaged levees
saw flooding
draft a policy
hosts millions
licensed media
simulate observations
exerts a pull
causing tides
exert a force
warning residents
stay indoors
drink tap
holding uranium
contracted the bug
infected person
say the explosion
tracking the debris
plotting analysis
directed officers
found the body
stained blankets
affected areas
distributing thousands
spraying pesticides
prepare health
began work
recognized quality
engraving banknotes
were children
cross the road
saving the world
remaining forests
sharing technologies
developing nations
finalize a fund
help countries
remaining inmates
rectify the situation
entered the yard
cornered the inmates
doused the fire
spread sediment
creating sandbars
including the humpback
eroded sandbars
meet the magnitude
ruling party
retained a majority
secure the site
surrounding surface
printed sheet
verify the voter
drops the envelope
signs the voting
codifies the proceedings
send representatives
witness every part
launched world
describes the show
running internet
continued overnight
roamed the streets
plundered stores
blamed protesters
won the trophy
take place
suffer this virus
smoke cannabis
encouraging the audience
assess the results
is a path
understands the photographer
take pictures
crossing the road
conducting the traffic
hit the photographer
make the medal
impaired skier
causing bacteria
enter the tributary
encountered problems
brought the disease
stated the outbreak
admitted the patient
followed protocol
separating the patient
hiring the show
leaving the show
kept the title
receive tens
reported a plane
stated the plane
received a bomb
say the plane
denied an emergency
aging fleet
saw another airliner
overrun a runway
strike a wall
remaining concerts
cancelled the tour
required a tie
received treatment
presented bhajans
started the evening
esented the chhappan
took the lead
singing the bhajans
presented the chhappan
unveiled the controller
Resembling a television
allow players
control actions
moving the device
lost control
ended the race
moved every time
did a rehearsal
caused any damage
said the foam
reported no effects
contaminated pet
form crystals
block kidney
observed crystals
affected pets
make sense
bans the sale
gave a statement
announcing the prosecution
received arm
missing section
combined run
sitting group
stolen laptop
freed the driver
pending indictment
viewed publication
publishing photos
move the country
hold elections
malfunctioning iPods
causing a total
were no damages
including the children
took the place
needed the lavatory
entered a career
paid tribute
becoming a republic
become a republic
share this view
take the drugs
verified the discovery
form proteins
signed a bill
make a run
allow aircraft
save millions
uses satellite
based technology
allow air
pinpoint aircraft
give pilots
ride facilities
raised the possibility
decorate the hand
painted pictures
illuminated manuscripts
called a chemical
make an indicator
changes color
tested chemical
form a sort
using a satellite
gets the call
use telescopes
put a satellite
changed the world
called prides
shouted words
catch monkeys
find animals
living things
call this process
means the formation
make oxygen
provide shade
make clothes
was no escape
included turtles
entered the water
called a dormouse
have banquets
included foods
have corn
tasted a turkey
considered the home
bring sacrifices
shaped towers
called ziggurats
did the cooking
building houses
watched the movie
think a treasure
following battles
freed the north
made peace
meaning citizen
meaning city
defines the size
implies the passing
lacked any power
impose taxes
had no authority
override tax
include football
record the island
establishes a base
initiating a transformation
take control
cedes sovereignty
rules the island
give tourists
produced today
approximate this aspect
ridiculed rule
creating dynamism
keeping a measure
dividing the image
see example
pervading power
alleviate suffering
prevent any ships
causing danger
prevailing attitudes
seeing the horrors
accept a job
divided provinces
taking place
took place
are a lot
frequent a cave
survived the times
surrounding mountains
standing today
push the bow
holding the bow
pull the bow
printed bowing
shouting threats
waved the head
pay taxes
understand the context
prompted the creation
underlying logic
follows a path
reduce the cost
damaged bodies
molded individuals
imposed laws
bearing gifts
use buttons
fasten clothing
saved seed
maximize yield
develop a sense
determine a subculture
includes fashions
illustrate the importance
exhibits behaviors
based learning
make learning
goes a step
provides support
explain procedures
loving caregivers
combines elements
continuing relationships
investigated audience
interpreting micro
understand speech
assess sincerity
expressed variation
shuffle variation
resetting the clock
based options
drinking lots
known diuretic
has the potential
achieve enlightenment
embracing love
Using ships
transport goods
maintains the ability
move men
stop this traffic
known shepherd
used today
allowed horses
hold the tracks
had a stip
known transportation
reduce the future
find the root
surviving copies
have feathers
have feet
lay eggs
use computer
Check the label
parasitize humans
known cases
raise a baby
make an adoption
parent the child
asking questions
making observations
including psychology
observed rhythms
living beings
including bacteria
sustaining oscillators
continue a period
running cycling
leading suggestions
used phages
have a variety
cause cell
based tourism
attracts people
enjoying the scenery
including plant
include hunting
visiting parks
studying information
dislodged the biosphere
uses transportation
studying traffic
represent traffic
evade enemies
find food
have the advantage
believed the opposite
collects water
considered metals
have alloys
called atoms
write messages
takes energy
Splitting the nucleus
called the crust
makes people
want the things
has difficulty
assigning responsibility
holding people
varying time
sets the standards
consuming process
learning organization
overcome an obstacle
serve the customer
create a culture
shared knowledge
help organizations
narrows the research
supports scientists
affect behaviour
cause changes
investigate brain
build simulation
understand processes
making machines
automate tasks
include control
answer customer
providing solutions
offers the solution
visit an aquarium
Sharing a field
share experiences
design a website
improve student
improve writing
avoid criticism
forces students
feed the interest
inspires students
inspires collaboration
encourages students
extend learning
empower students
features an array
wear a ring
consider harassment
rebuilt the city
given the name
established trading
find places
understand the state
use boda
has an airport
considered the flagship
provides entry
gives the territory
glittering bar
leave the island
reclaimed land
remaining stands
cover an area
spotted deer
purchase a ticket
Shared taxis
stayed bridge
link the cities
practised subsistence
started the colonization
keep a lot
takes place
buy tickets
exchange money
leaving the islands
seeing humans
attract bears
has a population
leave the harbor
have shade
crowded family
lining the shore
bottled water
made all year
take advice
obey all signs
attack humans
gives the traveller
have deals
offer packages
include breakfast
combined flight
hold the reservation
need time
get a camping
playing music
check the cabin
include time
check the terms
maximize time
keep guests
impairs judgement
know the importance
consider the possibility
blowing snow
hosted the games
based cancellation
have an iron
using a hairdryer
allow fabric
cause shrinkage
purifying water
boiling water
have a concern
encounter animal
spoil food
cause irritation
spread venom
transmit infections
kill people
buy goods
Posted speed
baked goods
feature almonds
mean the food
seasoned dishes
have safety
has a foot
minimize this risk
wear riding
allow a stirrup
falling rider
include breath
taking views
include skiing
covered terrain
depicting skiers
called backcountry
get the speeds
cross borders
saving time
manufactured items
define goods
produced goods
surrounding the trade
having reindeer
consult the advice
cause damage
include blizzards
affect any travel
planning a visit
considered a war
provide the address
involve role
planning sex
issue passports
desired name
honour these documents
returning flow
see the pyramids
flooded caldera
make a phone
including pleasure
planning a gap
take a year
has thousands
need a yacht
using shipboard
overcome a fear
delivering things
was a problem
sent things
taken days
checked luggage
send luggage
is no point
fronted buildings
tiled roofs
has an atmosphere
offer views
visiting a mass
loved ones
treat the site
make jokes
deface the site
scratching graffiti
have a reputation
features a mixture
differing soils
varying levels
visiting the monasteries
wear skirts
covering the knees
provide wraps
get a smile
wear trousers
wearing these skirts
makes reading
following vowel
pronounce r
means dear
means chariot
reading this grammar
understand phrases
resist the temptation
arranged garden
going north
base a holiday
visiting castles
taking a cruise
define routes
surrounding the holiday
's a tradition
see the sunrise
make the journey
grazing animal
including goats
enjoy the stars
emphasizing group
